MOMI should start in CONTROL mode.

If any of the touch, footswitch or MIDIpot inputs is triggered while the EDIT button is being held, 
the EDIT button may be released and we remain in CONFIG mode to allow the encoder to set values for the last item triggered.
When the EDIT button is pressed and released again, these values are set and we return to the previously
selected mode (TRACK or CONTROL).

If the Bottom Right touch input is selected (pin 17), all reads on pins 20 and 21 are halted.
THIS IS TOP PRIORITY! WE MUST BE ABLE TO STOP MUXES FROM BEING READ!
The current read state of the MUX pins is displayed on the 7-segment display. The EDIT button
may be released and the encoder may be used to scroll through these options.
  '----' Both MUX pins will be ignored.
  'A---' Pin 20 will read a single MIDIpot.
  'A--A' Pins 20 and 21 will each read a single MIDIpot.
  '8---' Pin 20 will read MUX8.
  '8--A' Pin 20 will read MUX8 and pin 21 swill read a single MIDIpot.
  '8--8' Pins 20 and 21 will each read a MUX8.
  'SPI-' Use SPI only - MOSI on pin 11, MISO on pin 12, CS on pin 20 and SCK on pin 14 ( use SPI.setSCK(14) )
  'SPIA' Use SPI on pin 20 and a single MIDIpot on pin 21.

If the Top Right input is selected (pin 23), the current octave setting is display on the 7-segment display.
The EDIT button may be released and the encoder may be used to scroll through these options. 
  'ocL-' Each note will be accompanied by a second note an octave lower.
  'oc-H' Each note will be accompanied by a second note an octave higher.
  'ocLH' Each note will be accompanied by two additional notes, one an octave higher and one an octave lower.
  'oc--' Only the note played will be sent.

If the Top Left input is selected (pin 19), the current transpose setting is displayed on the 7-segment display.
The EDIT button may be released and the encoder may be used to scroll down to -12 or up to 12 for note transposition.

If the Bottom Left input is elected (pin 18), the current expression state is displayed on the 7-segment display.
The EDIT button may be released and the encoder may be used to scroll through these options.
  'CAOS' Currently incorrectly implemented (check the 'MOMI3 init' commit).
  'ECHO' A digital delay where, the higher the reading, the more repeats and longer decay time.
  'both' Both CAOS and ECHO are used
  '----' Neither are used.

If the Center input is selected (pin 22), toggles whether MIDI FX apply to usb host too (wet, dry).

If any MIDIpot input is triggered while the EDIT button is held down,
the cut / -cut functionality should be the same but turning the encoder should change the CC number.
When EDIT is released 'SEnS' should be displayed on the 7-segment and, if the analog read changes
by more than 100, we need to keep track of inHi and inLo (displaying the analog value on th 7-segment). 
When the EDIT button is pressed and released again, inHi should be set to the 
highest reading -10 and inLo should be set to the lowest reading +10.